fix: typo and logo (#28)
availproject/availproject.github.io: docs/join-the-network/networks.md

<details>
<summary>
Testnet Phase 1
</summary>

> This is the old public network endpoints, which are no longer functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the old public network endpoints, which are no longer functional.
```
